[Music]
remember going to the zoo when you were
a kid yeah a lot of us have amazing
memories about visiting such places
where we could see wild animals not on a
TV screen but in real life most visits
to a zoo involve casual strolling around
cages and taking pictures of birds
herbivores and predators however not all
zoos are the same some might actually
shock you and test how brave you are
there for those who want to test their
nerves let me introduce you to parque
safari located in atlanta chile
everything is upside down in this place
it's not the animals that are in cages
but the visitors the idea of this
reverse zoo which is the first zoo of
its kind in latin america is to allow
people to see animals in their natural
habitat at the zoo vehicles take
visitors on a drive through a five acre
enclosure that's home to six lions these
vehicles are usually buses with a solid
metal cage the Wildcats are attracted by
fresh pieces of meat once they smell the
meat they come really close to the bus
or even jump on its cage as you can
guess the rules of the game have changed
now the wild animals roam freely around
you and look at you as some kind of
entertainment and you're stuck in a
limited space feel like a monkey yet
visitors can attract the wild cats with
fresh meat but they are not allowed to
feed them through the cage so when a
lion smells meat it's free to do
whatever it was nonchalantly walk in
circles around the bus and carefully
sniff jump on top of the cage or if it's
not hungry just lie down for a rest if
the Lions jump on your bus you can stick
out your fingers and touch them
tickle their tummy if you're brave
enough if you don't feel like touching
this mighty feline you can take photos
from an incredibly close distance but
there is one thing you have to remember
the inhabitants of Parque Safari are not
they feel absolutely free so their
behavior is completely unpredictable
so yeah trying to catch a lion by the
tail isn't the best idea despite this
fact the zoo attracts many visitors who
want to feel the rush of adrenaline from
being so close to wildlife and having to
get into a cage doesn't bother them much
but what if I told you that this kind of
reversed zoo isn't the only one you can
get pretty much the same experience in
Orono Wildlife Park in New Zealand or
Ana Wildlife Park first opened its doors
to visitors back in 1976 and today it's
one of the best and largest zoos in the
country it has an area of 80 hectares
and one of the most popular attractions
in the country where both children and
adults can have a ton of fun it's also
the only wildlife park in New Zealand
where the living conditions of its
inhabitants are as close as possible to
their natural habitat this zoo is
currently home to more than 70 species
of different mammals reptiles and birds
tigers lions rhinos giraffes meerkats
otters Tasmanian Devils Turtles monkeys
buffalo Kiwi and many others guests of
the zoo have an excellent opportunity to
get acquainted with the fauna of New
Zealand as well with representatives of
Australia Africa Asia and South America
and finally here's some information for
thrill-seekers you can get immersed in
the lion habitat by hopping on a special
vehicle that will keep you safe during
your encounter with these majestic for
you lights ready to get high to I with
these magnificent predators okay I don't
know about you but those places give me
goose bumps
and there are so many zoos around the
world that are less extreme but still
exciting and fun for example Prague zoo
the number of animals in the area of 60
hectares is simply over the top more
than 600 species from all over the world
the zoo itself is located on several
levels that are connected by hanging
bridges you can cross during warm
seasons the first thing to do is to go
on the famous Indonesian jungle pavilion
and
this unique greenhouse orangutan swing
on vines that are as thick as ropes
Komodo Rams hide in tropical bushes and
your glasses will mist up after a couple
of seconds when it gets too hot move to
the pavilion with penguins but remember
that they're still in African savannah
desert mountains plateaus Amazon swamps
and a dozen other regions of the world
to see don't forget about making your
childhood dreams come true become a zoo
keeper even if it's just for one day you
can choose an elephant giraffe camel
turtle or even a tiger as your foster
Ling Singapore Zoo is probably the
world's freest zoo its inhabitants might
have no idea that they are kept in
captivity because you won't find the
usual cages and fences here all that
separates almost twenty five hundred
animals from the surrounding world are
artificial ditches with water and glass
walls sometimes the road gets blocked if
it's crossed by a giant turtle be
patient with that oldie visitors can
have breakfast in the company of
peaceful primates enjoy sitting with
lemurs or walk with giraffes adrenaline
hungry people can go on a night safari
in the jungle to watch Tigers and hyenas
hunting but of course their safety is
guaranteed by a special electric car
Disney's Animal Kingdom is the newest
and largest theme park in walt disney
world and it's one of the world's
largest animal parks it opened in 1998
and combines safari elements with
attractions on an area of 200 hectares
you can see more than 250 species of
different mammals birds and an afib
ian's from all over the world this is
the first Disney theme park dedicated to
the idea of preserving the world around
it and it consists of six themed areas
on top of all that in a section called
rafiki's Planet watch you can find a
traditional petting zoo it's the perfect
place to interact with goats sheep
donkeys plumbers and pigs which animal
is the cutest on the planet I bet a lot
of you said the Panda one look at a
black-and-white bear that shoes a bamboo
stick all the time is enough to put a
smile on anyone's
basse if you want to see one in real
life head to Chiangmai mountain zoo in
northern Thailand there you can get a
volunteer job and take care of pandas
for two whole days imagine playing with
baby pandas
now that's a cuteness overdose at the
beginning of your first day you get to
learn about the pandas history at the
zoo
the legends connected with them and the
basics of how to take care of them then
the real fun begins with the help of
other zookeepers you cook for the pandas
make them toys and bathe and feed them
sorry for ruining this wonderful picture
for you but you have to clean up after
them too
do you think you can wear anything when
you go to the zoo
well yeah most zoos allow visitors to
wear anything including clothes with
animal prints but not chessington zoo in
the United Kingdom this band came to
life after the zoo workers noticed that
the animals from zoofari which is a part
of the zoo that reminds one of an
African safari
got too close to people with clothes
that looked like their own skin I guess
some leopards just wanted to say hello
mistaking those visitors for members of
their pride
some animals tried to run away or hide
because those clothes reminded them of
the predators that usually hunt them
down among forbidden prints are zebra
giraffe leopard hyena cheetah tiger and
African wild dog for those who come with
an inappropriate outfit there are two
options we're special overalls or leave
the zoo who knew the zoo's can have a
dress code would you dare to visit a zoo
where you're in the cage let everybody
know in the comments below don't forget
to give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to
always stay on the bright side of life